it's early morning and Julia Michael and
Liz are about to face their next
challenge working a busy lunchtime
service at the larder a modern British
restaurant based at the Hilton Hotel on
the banks of the Thames
head chef Jonathan McCann is looking for
high standards from the celebrities we
expect to work alongside us work the
same as doesn't produce the same kind of
food that we do here I want it to be all
about you today if you produce something
I'm not happy with you we'll get it back
and have to do it again it's 12 o'clock
and the restaurant is filling up okay
guys service is starting on order for
duck-liver yes sir
michael is responsible for the starter
of sautéed duck livers with wild
mushrooms in Armagnac served on a
toasted brioche but there's no room for
mistakes in the professional kitchen
Michael you really need to work on your
plates right away three pork yeah sure
Liz is cooking pork a scallop with
quails eggs and pork jus
nice nice cooking technique it's just
plating up when you get a little bit
nervous and tense but listen you're
doing a good job overall what's what's
wrong with presentation couponer to the
shoe I think I make quite a mess of it
julia is in charge of grilled sardines
with tomato garlic and mixed herbs I
don't know sardines Sue's me as her
first order comes in she sets off at
breakneck speed
play please sardine plate please no no
no no no wait wait just wait now wait I
will call it away just have it hold it
and I'll call it away
Julius sardines are ready too soon it's
all about timing it caused the order
then you got to remember it and then
it's not only caused you to cook it that
you have to get going again so it's a
bit some thought perfect for me it's
quite erratic and full of energy it's an
hour into service and there's no time
for a rest okay we need to step it up a
bit now guys will start to get busier
Michael three duck-liver
three and then two yes please yep it's
fists on the Harmony AK in the eyeball
don't liver thank you Michael much
better thank you make sure you do the
same dish over and over and you suddenly
get into the rhythm so you feel a
reasonable degree of confidence with his
technique perfected Michael continues to
produce excellent starters but the
orders are mounting up for Liz and Julia
I'm waiting for one sorry
come on let's go let's go let's go this
has managed to produce her dish on time
but Julia's mistakes are holding up
service I need that sardine please now
sorry chef my father's a teacher
service is finally over but how did they
do tell about Julia she was all over the
place with it but she has that energy
that a cook needs to get through a busy
service how about Michael he can get
everything together to get onto the
plate as soon as it goes to the plate he
loses all coordination but by the end of
the service he got it right tell me
about this she was so afraid and but she
was so good the thing I liked about this
she really cared about what she gave him
when she brought the plate up she had
heart in it Jonathan whose vertical this
about the three of them liz is the one
that has the natural flair